King of England.
Oh, the minstrel sing of an English king that lived long years ago.
He ruled his land with an iron hand, but his mind was weak and low.
He loved to shag the bounding stag that lived in the royal wood.
He also was exceedingly fond of pulling the royal foot.
Now the queen of Spain was an amorous queen and an amorous queen was she.
She loved to fool with the mighty tool of the king across the sea.
She sent a special message by a special messenger to ask the king to come and spend a month or two with her.
Now the king of France he peed in his pants and he said to all his court, the queen prefers my rival because my tool is short.
He sent the duke a slipper slap to give the queen a dose of claps, and God save the pastor king of England.
When the news of the Espalde was known in dear old Windsor Hall, the king he swore by the shirt he wore he'd have the Frenchman fall.
He offered half a kingdom and a piece of Queen Hortense to any man who'd crossed the sea and not the king of France.
The Duke O'Shea, he galloped away, straight to the shores of France.
He swore he was a fluter, and the king took down his pants.
To the royal prong, he tied a thong, he jumped on his horse and galloped along, back to the faster king of England.
Now the king puked up his breakfast, and he shit up on the floor, for in that ride the princeman's pride had stretched a yard or more.
And when this sight was seen in dear old London town, the women, they all shouted to hell with the English crown.
The Frenchman king usurped the throne, his scepter was his mighty bone, with which he crowned the faster king of England.